I remember how afraid I was when I had
to testify in Eaton County coming face
to face with the defendant and his
counsel for the first time I remember
how absolutely stunned and confused I
was to be sitting there being questioned
by a grown woman about this monster
molesting me as a young girl that was a
ground shattering moment for me I looked
back at my attorneys these incredible
heroes who are honorable diligent
empowering warriors in support of women
who will go down in history with all
these words as their Purple Hearts for
saving us and fighting for the right
cause but then I looked at you Shannon
you're not even here today for me to
look you in the eye as you so
aggressively question me a young girl
and wondered what possessed you to
defend this man what made you waste your
hard work in law school on this
despicable case I watch these statements
all week in the camera turn to you and
the defendant multiple times I even saw
the two of you smile
equally inappropriate direct questions
and come as a defense counsel well
defense counsel has a job to do she can
comment on it I think you have thick
enough skin I'll let it go where should
thank you you may proceed
I even saw the two of you smile and you
so gently place your hand on his
shoulder as if consoling this monster I
am so confused by your career path and I
do not respect you or your choices I
will choose to be a role model to my
children and young women just like Angie
Robin Andrea and now judge Aqua Lena
have been for me and forever will be so
thank you we have won this first battle
but our war is not over msu knows their
what they have coming you know that you
enabled are accountable for ignoring
complaints from the past so i gladly say
goodbye Lou Anna Simon your time as
president will be over and shame on you
for not listening to young women I hope
you spend the rest of your days thinking
about your 9 to 16 year old self and how
it would have felt to be a sexually
assaulted and speak out about it only to
be turned down I actually plan on
finishing my college career at MSU and I
better have a new president by the time
I get there next fall to us AG I'm
utterly sad and the defendant has caused
the sport of gymnastics to be tied to
the weight of sexual abuse and child
molestation I am more disgusted that you
knew of this and failed to act and you
should have you have failed to keep the
sport of gymnastics safe and with the
name it deserves gymnastics is a great
sport and there are absolutely
incredible coaches out there they know
who they are they will be the ones to
save this sport and I have no doubt
about that - John get hurt you however
are not one of these great coaches
there's no excuse for you not knowing
what was happening in your gym except
for inexcusable neglect and lack of
leadership I have always told myself for
everything you put me through you will
have what's coming I do not believe you
deserve to have your gemsto and I don't
understand why anyone could still want
to train there
especially knowing that in that backroom
dungeon hundreds of your athletes were
being molested to the Olympians I thank
you for coming forward being so brave
knowing how much more than names your
names would have been in the media I
can't imagine the pressure you felt
knowing how much I felt myself and I
need to say this to you all that your
legacy as Olympians will not go down
with a Larry Nassar case you will not be
remembered as the Olympians that were
molested by Larry Nassar but as the
gymnasts who are not only Olympians but
also heroes he will not compromise your
title that you worked so hard for and we
will not let him into the defendant you
ended up right where you always like to
be number one sports medicine doctor
number one gymnastics doctor in the
country and now you're the world's
number one child molesting pedophile
that has ever been discovered